[Grouping & Mapping] Group Extension (#297)
iTwin/viewer-components-react: packages/itwin/grouping-mapping-widget/README.md

  uiProviders={[new GroupingMappingProvider()]}
/>
```

## UI Configuration

This package provides an interface to define your own group creation method. You can use your own UI component to create or update the query.

> An example of group custom UI provider, [ManualUIComponent](./src/widget/components/provider/ManualUIComponent.tsx) helps user to manually define ECSQL query for groups.

Reviewer: might want to make this an absolute path to the file on gh

Author: why do we want absolute path? It won't work in cospace, is it?

Reviewer: this relative path is only relevant when you have the repo open
when this is ublished to npm or while looking at this when the pkg is isntalled in node_modules, this path wont work

  uiProviders={[new GroupingMappingProvider()]}
/>
```

## UI Configuration

> We provide interface to define your own group creation method. You can use your own UI component to create/update query and visualize in the viewer accordingly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This package provides an interface to define your own group creation method. You can use your own UI component to create or update query and visualize in the viewer accordingly.

```

> Here is an example of group custom UI provider:

Reviewer 2: Instead of writing this example in README file, you could simply add a link to the `ManualUIProvider.tsx` file, which actually does something. I don't even know if this example would be a valid UI component.

```tsx
const ProcessFuncUIProvider = ({
    updateQuery,
    isUpdating,
    resetView,
}: CustomUIProviderProps) => {
  return ();
};
```

`updateQuery` is used to run the query and visualize results in the viewer. \
`isUpdating` keeps track of the status of query execution. \
`resetView` enables you to reset the viewer state.

To configure your own UI provider, you need to give it:

- a `name` as identifier
- a `displayLabel` which will show in the 'Add Group' dropdown list
- a `uiComponent` like above
- an optional `icon`

> You can define your UI provider as following in the GroupingMappingProvider:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can define your UI provider as follows in the GroupingMappingProvider:

```
